fix for Newport for velocity-max and velocity-base (#1254)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/1254-Newport_velocity_PV_fixes.rst

Reviewer: The PR description is essentially blank, it's important to fill it out for documentation purposes. The sections don't have to be long, a few words/a sentence for each is good.

1254 Newport velocity PV fixes
#################

API Breaks
----------
- N/A

Features
--------
- N/A

Device Updates
--------------
- N/A

New Devices
-----------
- N/A

Bugfixes
--------

> - Over-write default velocity signals for Newport class

Reviewer: This should include context for the fix here

```suggestion
- Overwrite ``velocity_max`` and ``velocity_base`` signals for ``Newport``
  class to fix a bug that prevented these motors from moving.
```

Maintenance
-----------
- N/A

Contributors
------------

> - vespos, rcjwoods

Reviewer: minor rst formatting
```suggestion
- vespos
- rcjwoods
```
